hello there guys Shannon here I am back
to react to the next episode of yugioh
the abridged series this will be episode
23 is called yummy of darkness and we're
going to jump right in in missed the
button don't joke with short card games
were fun like mine
yes ing don't keep my Millennium Puzzle
safe from the various villains who are
always challenging me to children's card
games hey give me some time without
mirror I need to apply my makeup yeah
move over you slut yeah well you're
really small look at you know I only got
the small in our way that's your name
hey Yugi detail what do you think of my
new chain pretty pimp huh it makes you
look ridiculous
so fucking true you look about as sexy
as mr. t oh shut up
let's just go to school okay hmm I
wonder who they were they're just the
people who live and eat and you know
steal all your money just don't worry
about a ground hog just don't worry
about it hopefully you won't live too
much longer
what a crock maybe he can tell me when
I'll finally hit puberty in order to
never future I'll need you to give me
your necklace my puzzle
no way without it knows how that fucking
Hey look do you want your damn fortune
told her not well okay then I predict
that you are a gullible idiot in America
I hate to break this to you but you
totally deserved that
fuck ei didn't even tell me my fortune
hmm he must be hiding inside this
abandoned warehouse
welcome Yugi I see you fallen right into
my trap
how does simple I like your fucking
building insanity will notice card game
to decide who gets to keep your
millennium item
but you've already stolen it from me if
anything I should be challenging you
yes just play the card game you're new
to this whole stealing thing aren't you
to me why he challenged him to a duel
I'll just say to me I'm trying to sound
more American so people won't pick on me
as much well stop it you sound like
you're from the 1970s oh come on baby
cut me some
Oh God procore I'll be totally cool
somebody help pakoras got insane now the
cheese out of the way I can concentrate
on finding gay people come on little guy
why though you're magic
it's time to duel in America I don't
know who you are but I won't really my
puzzle I summon the frustrated Celtic
guardian I am so frustrated you're
frustrated elf is no match for my
machine monsters in America oh come on
Yugi wait a minute those monsters look
kind of familiar
who are you show yourself oh my god it's
bandit Keith really no idea super
special plot twist
yeah I'm being controlled by somebody
who isn't American you mean you're being
manipulated that's right little Yugi
with my millennium rod I can take
control of whoever I want and you choose
bandit Keith with how you spend in truth
Americans are very easy to brainwash
isn't that right mind slave whatever you
say mr. president let's just skip school
for the 50th time you'd think they would
have expelled us by now what is the
virus you kids should be wearing your
extremely tight gym shorts me sorry
coach but there's been an emergency
somebody spoiled the new Harry Potter
book for taya and she's very upset
oh my fan fics are worthless now my pink
sweater is moved by your because it
looks like my millennium ring has led me
to this warehouse I haven't seen gay
readings this strong since that
screening of showgirls hmm that looks
like a bandit Keith and Yugi someone
must be manipulating this duel someone
with a millennium item the Millennium
Puzzle belongs to me wait a minute this
thing wasn't made in America it must be
destroyed gosh this looks like a job for
limey man
Oh in America Bakura hey I'm here to
kick ass and drink cups of tea and I'm
all out of tea I can't believe what is
coming you're back together yes Yugi and
when you do they'll be a part of my soul
inside it then in about 500 episodes
I'll put my evil plan into motion yes so
diabolical it hurts they don't call me
Florence for nothing no point a lot like
you give counsel there would be no point
if it wasn't a solvent oh bugger
oh my sensitive little bottom yeah
forget what I just said
catch you later dude you're a prick or
beat up on the way to school
sucker you have failed me bandit Keith
and for that you will suffer my wrath
in my head and it's French the exact
opposite of American no stop torturing
me okay I admit it I'm not really a
Meryl I'm Canadian is that what you
wanted to hear you bastard Oh fire
somebody must be in big trouble let's
forget about Yugi and help these guys
instead oh god what was I thinking
getting that chain I must be the dumbest
anime character ever
we're coming yeah me getting so hot I
don't know if I'll make it buildings
haunted by French people you what do you
get out of here without my puzzle I
can't be a main character we didn't
start the fire it was always burning
since the world's been turning so my god
it's my yogi muffin don't worry taya
aside from some third-degree burns and
severe mental scarring he should be just
fine I'm a fireman waste of time
it looks like we'll just have to try
again tomorrow night
zipline what are we gonna do tomorrow
died that same thing we do every night
pinky boy try to take over the world
all right you primitive screwheads
listen up this is my paint stick it sure
is good to be back home in Canada okay
bandit Keith whatever you said I love
the piss-take of this episode it's just
so fucking true you he's a fucking moron
for giving his puzzle away why the foot
Bundy keep trans juvie to do after
fucking stealing the damn Z and all the
way they did Joey breaking down that
door
yeah and as always Tristan is Tristan a
fireman anymore valium in but in
brilliant
hell I'd love it ah fucking amazing
god damn you little kuriboh you genius
anyway guys thanks for watching and
until next time goodbye